---
layout: article
title: Glossary
permalink: /docs/glossary.html
key: page-sidebar-aside
cover: /img/docs-img/1_2_glossary.jpeg
aside:
  toc: true
sidebar:
  nav: layouts
header:
   theme: dark
---


### Aural Community 
Aural Community, a community that is conceived with the user-creator at its center, a system of procedural (non-linear) music and sound that combines the creativity of artists and user-creators with developments of the platform, unique and unrepeatable sound works in every instant, seeking the co-creation of a unique and meaningful listening experience. This community combines the use of concepts and tools of acoustic ecology, soundscape, sound design for video games, generative music, artificially creative musical systems, and new interfaces for musical expression. <a href="[https://archive.org/details/comunidad-aural-independent-v-1/mode/2up]" target="_blank">Comunidad Aural - Maar</a> 


### Acoustic Community 
An acoustic community is defined as an aggregation of species that produces sound by using 12 internal or extra-body sound-producing tools. Such communities occur in aquatic (freshwater and 13 marine) and terrestrial environments. An acoustic community is the biophonic component of a 14 soundtope and is characterized by its acoustic signature, which results from the distribution of 15 sonic information associated with signal amplitude and frequency. Distinct acoustic communities 16 can be described according to habitat, the frequency range of the acoustic signals, and the time of 17 day or the season. Near and far fields can be identified empirically, thus the acoustic community 18 can be used as a proxy for biodiversity richness. <a href="[https://usir.salford.ac.uk/id/eprint/39080/13/BIO-D-15-00183R2%20cropped%20(3).pdf]" target="_blank">Farina, James, The acoustic communities : definition,
description and ecological role</a>

### Soundscape 
An environment of SOUND (or sonic environment) with emphasis on the way it is perceived and understood by the individual, or by a society. It thus depends on the relationship between the individual and any such environment. The term may refer to actual environments, or to abstract constructions such as musical compositions and tape montages, particularly when considered as an artificial environment. <a href="https://www.sfu.ca/sonic-studio-webdav/handbook/Soundscape.html" target="_blank">Truax, Handbook for Acoustic Ecology</a>


### Certificate of authenticity 
It is a document used as authentication for a piece of artwork. A system which verifies that the program is a genuine, legal copy. 

### ENT 
A creation that it's not physical and it's not digital, it's physical and it's digital. Entangled Non-Fungible Tokens (ENTs) exist as unique physical objects and as unique digital data recorded on the blockchain (NFT), this hybrid existence is interconnected since its creation with a certificate of authenticity including both worlds. In addition to its features, the ENT is also associated with a sister project focused on promoting the regeneration of Earth's biodiversity or enhancing the well-being of all its inhabitants. 

### ENT Music Players 

An initiative that explores the intersection of digital and physical worlds through the design of intelligent music players and meta-musical instruments. 
Concibed as a global network of intelligent music tools that use algorithmic approaches to facilitate music listening and creation, allowing users to take control of their sound in new and exciting ways. These tools are designed to be accessible to anyone, regardless of musical training or technical knowledge, and aim to reactivate auditory consciousness and push the boundaries of what's possible in musical creation and exploration. 

### ENT Cards
A new paradigm for music distribution of independent artists, merging physical and digital releases, music making and listening. 

### ENT Worlds
ENT Worlds is a network of interconnected sonic planets and objects that exist at the intersection of digital and physical worlds. 

### NFC
NFC (Near Field Communication) is a technology designed to simplify and accelerate data exchange between devices. This technology is used to save, and write and read digital information inside the ENT cards.  

### NFT 
A non-fungible token (NFT) is a unique digital identifier that cannot be copied, substituted, or subdivided, that is recorded in a blockchain, and that is used to certify ownership and authenticity. 

### Nibble 
Everything has a midpoint. 
