---
layout: article
title: Technology
permalink: /docs/technology.html
key: page-sidebar-aside
cover: /img/docs-img/1_5_technology.jpeg
aside:
  toc: true
sidebar:
  nav: layouts
header:
   theme: dark
   
---

We propose to use these technologies to support projects that expand our possibilities as human creators instead of gradually dehumanizing the creative process. We believe it is interesting what a creative mind can do with these tools, not the other way around. Thus transitioning from the era of "tools used by humans" to the era of tools that walk with humans.

This project combines physical objects and digital technology to enhance the art of sound creation, trying to rescue the best of both worlds by creating a new exchange experience. With the introduction of Entangled Non-Fungible Tokens (ENTs), users can collect, listen, and publish music with unique and original sounds, and create custom soundscapes from other compositions. 

ENTs exist in both the physical and digital worlds, and are connected with a certificate of authenticity, creating a system where different parts of the worlds coexist at the same time, but are still part of the same system. The project is open-source and accessible to anyone interested in experimenting with code, providing a powerful tool for anyone looking to push the boundaries of music creation and listening. 

- Built using p5.js and released under the MIT license, our project is open-source. 
- Cards can use QR technology to widness the access. 
- Cards use NFC chips with information 
- 