---
layout: article
title: Sustainability
permalink: /docs/sustainability.html
key: page-sidebar-aside
cover: /img/docs/1_6_sustainability.jpeg
aside:
  toc: true
sidebar:
  nav: layouts
header:
   theme: dark
---
A simple formula for complex problems. Looking for a balance between stakeholders.  

```chart
{
  "type": "polarArea",
  "data": {
    "datasets": [
      {
        "data": [
          34,
          33,
          33
        ],
        "backgroundColor": [
          "#ff33cc",
          "#ffffff",
          "#33ffff"
        ],
        "label": ""
      }
    ],
    "labels": [
      "Regeneration",
      "Artists",
      "Development"
    ]
  },
  "options": {}
}
```
### Regeneration 
34% Give humans and planet Earth a safe environment to self-heal.
{:.success} 

Sustainability is not just a matter of reducing waste and using environmentally-friendly materials. It is also about supporting initiatives that promote the regeneration of biodiversity and human nature. We begin this journey supporting the efforts made by a community in Rincón de Franquia, a region in the triple frontier of Uruguay, Argentina, and Brazil that has been declared, national protected area and now is looking to protect important islands in the river. 34% of the gains in Skysounds are being directed towards the regeneration of biodiversity, a vital step in reversing the damage that has been done to the natural world. 

The area is home to a diverse range of fauna, with over 200 species of birds alone, making up half of all bird species in the country. Additionally, the space is rich in reptiles and amphibians. The project aims to protect and care for this wildlife, while also providing an opportunity for people to learn about environmental care, the local community is actively involved in the project, and is being trained in environmental care and sustainable tourism practices. 

It is important that we all do our part to support sustainability and the regeneration of biodiversity. Whether it's by supporting local businesses that prioritize environmentally-friendly practices or by getting involved in community initiatives aimed at protecting natural habitats, there are many ways in which we can make a difference.

### Artists 

33% With the right technology, we can reduce the difference between the real world and utopia.
{:.success} 

The music industry is facing a crisis. With the current rise in inflation and impending recession, many artists are considering abandoning the industry. Publishing problems, rights, contracts, and a lack of confidence in the industry are just some of the issues that artists face. This skepticism and lack of credibility can be seen as a result of the industry's practices, including the descaling of the work of artists and craftsmen.

To make matters worse, last year, the three biggest record labels made a staggering $18.2 billion, but the artists received less than 12% of that revenue. The industry has always managed to keep on top of emerging technology and manipulate it in its favour, but the difference with Web3 technology is that it's built on transparency. This makes it much more difficult for industry middlemen to justify their involvement when this new wave of technology explicitly doesn't require them.

A new era of hybrid artistic and tech projects operating on the blockchain will have access to a new way to increase the aggregate efficiency of our economic activity. This will be a key tool to feed, manage and move the artist economy of the future. By using blockchain technology, projects can create a decentralized platform where artists can directly interact with their fans, and share their creations for remixing purposes without the need for intermediaries. 

Overall, the music industry needs to embrace the changes brought on by Web3 technology. It's time to move away from the outdated practices of the past and create a more transparent and fair industry for everyone involved. By using blockchain technology, startups have an opportunity to create a new ecosystem for the music industry, creating in balance with communities of artists, technicians, designers and developers the tools we need to thrive and succeed. With the right technology, we can reduce the difference between the real world and utopia and create a brighter future for the music industry.

### Development 

33% Development. The world of music listening and creation is constantly evolving. 
{:.success} 

We are designing an accessible system that can be controlled in the beginning from browsers, and in the near future by an apps allowing users to use their device's sensors, speakers, vibrotactile feedback system, and touch screen to control the sound. This allows for a more natural and intuitive way of creating and manipulating sound, and gives users more control over the creative process.

We are also exploring the use of other elements of the interfaces,new instruments for musical expression, mathematical models, and machine learning to create a holistic management system. This will allow us to develop a network of meta-musical instruments that can play with any type of sound, and provide a user experience that is both satisfying and intuitive.

However, it's important to note that our app is not just another tool to create perfect music and recordings. We want it to be an instrument with different levels of understanding, capable of achieving satisfactory results with a simple tutorial, but also room for improvement in sound performance. 

As we develop this product, we are also committed to circular design processes that provide agility and adaptability in the developments, texts, and creations of new artistic proposals. 
